<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA General Task//EN" "generalTask.dtd">
<task id="planningDeploy">
    <title>Planning for deployment</title>
    <shortdesc>When you plan a deployment of IBM StoredIQ, evaluate several infrastructure considerations.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <critdates>
            <created date="12/11/2019"/>
        </critdates>
        <permissions view="all"/>
        <metadata>
            <prodinfo>
                <prodname>IBM StoredIQ Deployment and Configuration Guide</prodname>
                <brand>IBM</brand>
                <component>Deployment and Configuration Guide</component>
            </prodinfo>
        </metadata>   
    </prolog>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq>In addition to the information in this section, review the requirements detailed in the IBM Software Product Compatibility Reports (SPCR) tool at: <xref href="https://www.ibm.com/software/reports/compatibility/clarity-reports/report/html/softwareReqsForProduct?deliverableId=CC1291B0F4AF11E3ACBD4447721DA353" scope="external" format="html">Software Product Compatibility Reports: StoredIQ 7.</xref>></prereq>
        <context>
            <p>If you plan to use IBM StoredIQ for Legal Identification and Collection to create and manage data boxes and data requests that are to be fulfilled by IBM StoredIQ, also check the system requirements for StoredIQ for Legal at: <xref href="https://www.ibm.com/software/reports/compatibility/clarity-reports/report/html/softwareReqsForProduct?deliverableId=8A0331A0C50D11E58D9C0D684F363D68" scope="external" format="html">Software Product Compatibility Reports: StoredIQ for Legal 2.0.3</xref></p>
        </context>
        <section>
            <title>Generate customized reports with the SPCR tool</title>
            <p>Go to the page at <xref href="https://www.ibm.com/software/reports/compatibility/clarity/index.html" scope="external" format="html">Software Product Compatibility Reports</xref> to create a high-level report for supported operating systems, related software, hypervisors, and supported translations for any product. You can also create an in-depth report to get detailed system requirements, hardware requirements, and end of service information for each product. You can search for a product in all of the report types and reports are generated based on your query values.</p>
            <p>The following report types are the most commonly generated reports from software product compatibility reports:</p>
        </section>
        <example>
            <title>Detailed system requirements</title>
            <p>When you select your product version for the detailed
                system requirements report, you can set a report filter for <b>Operating system
                    platforms</b>, <b>Product components</b>, and <b>Capabilities</b>, including
                prerequisites and support software. After you view the report, you can save it as a URL
                to generate anytime or download it as a PDF.</p>
        </example>
        <example>
            <title>Hardware requirements</title>
            <p>When you select your product version for the hardware requirements report, you can
                set a report filter by the <b>Operating system families</b> option. Set the operating
                system filter by selecting some or all of the operating systems that are supported
                by your product. After you view the report, you can save it as a URL to generate
                anytime or download it as a PDF.</p>
        </example>
        <example>
            <title>End of service</title>
            <p>The end of service report shows the service window of the products that you specify over an eight-year span. For example, you can find out when your product is scheduled to go out of service.</p>
        </example>  
    </taskbody>
</task>
