<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE glossgroup PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Glossary Group//EN" "glossgroup.dtd">
<glossgroup id="Terms">
    <title>Glossary</title>
    <prolog>
        <critdates>
            <created date="15/11/2019"/>
        </critdates>
        <permissions view="all"/>
        <metadata>
            <prodinfo>
                <prodname>IBM StoredIQ Deployment and Configuration Guide</prodname>
                <brand>IBM</brand>
                <component>Deployment and Configuration Guide</component>
            </prodinfo>
        </metadata>  
    </prolog>
    
    <glossentry id="appstack">
        <glossterm>Application stack</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The application stack provides the user interface for the IBM StoredIQ Administrator, IBM StoredIQData Workbench, IBM StoredIQ Insights, and the IBM StoredIQ Policy Manager products.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>The synchronization feature for integration with a governance catalog is also part of the application stack.</glossSurfaceForm>
        </glossBody>     
    </glossentry>
    
    <glossentry id="autoclass">
        <glossterm>Auto-classification</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Automated document categorization, what IBM StoredIQ refers to as auto-classification models, integrates the IBM® Content Classification's classification model into the IBM StoredIQ infoset-generation process.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>Data Experts can use IBM Content Classification to train a classification model, which is then registered with IBM StoredIQ Administrator. The registered classification model can be applied to an existing infoset in IBM StoredIQ Data Workbench to generatenew metadata for the objects in the infoset. Metadata can be used in rule-based filters to create new infosets.</glossSurfaceForm>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    
    <glossentry id="cartrdg">
        <glossterm>Cartridges</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Cartridges are compressed files that contain analysis logic.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>When you add a cartridge toIBM StoredIQ AppStack, it can detect new data in documents during indexing and make these newinsights searchable. For example, a sensitive pattern cartridge can enable IBM StoredIQ to detectpassport numbers, phone numbers, and other IDs.</glossSurfaceForm>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    
    <glossentry id="connapi">
        <glossterm>Connector API SDK</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A connector is a software component of IBM StoredIQ that is used to connect to a data source such as a network file system and access its data.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>Using IBM StoredIQ Connector API SDK, developers of other companies can develop connectors to new data sources outside the IBM StoredIQ development environment. These connectors can be integrated with a live IBM StoredIQ application to index, search, manage, and analyze data on the data source.</glossSurfaceForm>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    
    <glossentry id="dataserver">
        <glossterm>Data servers</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A data server obtains the data from supported data sources and indexes it.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>By indexing this data, you gain information about unstructured data such as file size, file data types, file owners.</glossSurfaceForm>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    
    <glossentry id="dataclassic">
        <glossterm>DataServer - Classic</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Data servers can be categorized in two types: DataServer - Classic andDataServer - Distributed.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>DataServer - Classic refers to the regular data servers. It uses either thecurrent PostgreSQL or Lucene index as an index.</glossSurfaceForm>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    
    <glossentry id="datadist">
        <glossterm>DataServer - Distributed</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The distributed data server uses an Elasticsearch cluster instead of anembedded Postgres database.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm> It increases the scalability and flexibility of the IBM StoredIQ deployment in a way that it can manage much larger amounts of data. Without adding more dataservers, data that is managed by the IBM StoredIQ deployment can be increased by adding new nodes to the Elasticsearch cluster. Search queries perform better on DataServer - Distributed</glossSurfaceForm>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
    
    <glossentry id="gateway">
        <glossterm>Gateway</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The gateway communicates between the data servers and the application stack.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>The application stack polls the gateway for information about the data on the data servers. The data servers push the information to the gateway.</glossSurfaceForm>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
   
    <glossentry id="ibminsights">
        <glossterm>IBM StoredIQ Insights</glossterm>
        <glossdef>IBM StoredIQ Insights provides dynamic and interactive filtering for your data with easy access to all metadata and instant plain-text preview of document content for full-text indexed volumes.</glossdef>
        <glossBody>
            <glossSurfaceForm>Faceted search lets you drill down to refine your search results as needed. In addition, you can apply any valid IBM StoredIQ filter query.</glossSurfaceForm>
        </glossBody>
    </glossentry>
</glossgroup>
